Pay attention to this
Then
Lick mine first
The newly bought one is kneeling.
Wait a minute.
You remember it for me.
Be sure to lick it clean
Lan Lan these shoes
But I just bought it 500,000
If it gets dirty
Be careful I stare at your tongue
Kneel down and lick your shoes
Hey go go go go lick your shoes go go
It's just too much.
I'll see who dares to make him kneel
I said where did this woman come from?
So skin care
Are you a skin care product?
Miss Ye, let me remind you
This is the Muni Hotel
Not your Ye family
Our hotel has its own rules
Don't you know Ye
Is Jia a partner of Huanyu Group?
You are not afraid to offend the Ye family
Of course I know.
However, the Ye family
Compared to Mr. George's super VIP
Simply not worth mentioning
Just a little manager
Dare to speak so wildly
Even George himself?
You have to bow down to us
Ouch, did I hear you right?
I don't see it.
You are also a big talker.
No wonder this Ye family is a second-rate family
Shen Yan
As a child, you don't know how to understand the world
I didn't expect to grow up
You can't even be a fat son-in-law
I really didn't miss it when I was a teacher
It's just a rat without a name
How dare you comment so late at night
Somebody take this unknowable thing
Throw it out
Who offended my VIP?